[WHOOSH]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Bree Melanson is with us, a
channeler and spiritual teacher
who offers a grounded
approach to spirituality, ETs,
and self-healing by removing
the divide between the material
and metaphysical world.
Bree has channeled
various ET groups,
like the Arcturians
and the Pleiadians,
and appears in Gaia's
original program, "Channeling
- A Bridge to the Beyond."
Bree, welcome to the program.
>>BREE MELANSON:
Thank you so much.
It's such an honor to be here.
>>NOORY: How did you
get involved in this?
>>MELANSON: Well, I think it
was a slow, natural unfolding.
I guess, like most
things, I was always
enthralled with the
metaphysical world, and healing,
and how the mind works,
and eventually, I
guess, surrendered to it.
I lived a pretty normal life.
Went to college, studied
business, was a dancer--
>>NOORY: Before any
of this happened?
>>MELANSON: Yeah.
I mean, I was open as
a child, which again, I
think we all are very
intuitive beings naturally.
And a lot of us aren't really
given parameters or a framework
or really anywhere to put
those inner knowings or skills.
So I shut it off
for most of my life
but was always really interested
in quantum physics and healing.
And I guess the pivot
was I was on a plane,
and I was reading yet
another spiritual book,
and the author was talking
about having a spiritual healer.
And I just was like, if
I'm supposed to do this,
then I'm going to
need a teacher.
I didn't even realize
it was an option
to have a spiritual teacher.
And then, on the way
back on that trip,
said teacher sat next to me,
handed me her card, and said,
you should take my class.
And I ended up
studying under her.
>>NOORY: And that started it.
>>MELANSON: Yeah,
and just practiced
and kept honing in on things.
>>NOORY: Now, we all have our
own definition for channeling.
What do you say channeling is?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, I
see channeling as--
the shortest answer is kind
of becoming the mic, right?
And I think when we
discuss channeling,
to also keep in mind
that intuition, again,
is the most natural part of us.
And it's really just
a matter of learning
how to dissipate the
ego mind and tune
back into the truest essence
of ourselves and our guidance
system.
And so when we
are channeling, we
are allowing a lot of
ourselves to move to the side
in order to allow for
information to come through
beyond just our sense of
self and our own intelligence
and wisdom.
>>NOORY: Well, Bree,
when you channel,
who are you channeling?
Or what are you channeling?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, I
think some channels
tend to have a main boo,
a main spiritual boo,
like Abraham Hicks.
Esther Hicks channels Abraham.
I--
>>NOORY: Or Seth.
>>MELANSON: Or Seth, yeah.
Many examples of
channels learning
to resonate with a
certain frequency
and sticking within that.
I tend to work with,
as you've mentioned,
Pleiadians, Arcturians,
Lemurians, ascended masters,
even religious figures, angels.
Yeah, I guess I'm just--
might parallel more of
my life as a free spirit.
>>NOORY: Do they come to
you, or do you go to them?
>>MELANSON: In the way that
I've learned how to do it,
and I guess the way that I
practice, is I usually set
the intention of connecting
with a certain intelligence
and energy, and
get into the state
until I feel their
resonance enough.
And yeah, it usually
just takes a few minutes.
>>NOORY: At the
end of the program,
Bree is going to do
a channeling for us
to show us a little
bit how it happens.
Now, channeling generally
allows you to tap into what?
>>MELANSON: Higher information.
Generally, when
something is channeled,
it's something that we--
it's information that we
aren't quite embodying yet.
Also, channeling will always be
based in oneness consciousness.
So they'll speak in we.
It will support our growth.
It'll be based in
love and support,
be void of separation
or judgment.
So I think beyond the
incredible, incredible
information that
can come through,
I think what's unique
about channeling
is that it's a very physical
experience of feeling
into higher information,
even if you are just
witnessing the channel.
And also, I think, allows us to
feel the essence of our greater
selves so we can know
that we're connected.
But to actually watch a channel
shift into a higher frequency
and feel that higher frequency
as a witness, I think,
is a very powerful thing.
>>NOORY: Bree, is
there a difference
between channeling and
receiving psychic messages?
>>MELANSON: Yeah.
The way that I see it, we
are all receiving information
through energy all the time.
>>NOORY: Constantly, right?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, we're
unaware of a lot of things
that we're processing.
But if you were to take an
example of, say, a medium
or-- if I were to
practice mediumship,
it's like having a conversation.
I'm asking a question.
I'm receiving information,
and then translating it.
When you channel, there's
not that lapse of time.
So it's happening in
real time, and it's
coming through as a funnel
or a channel in the moment,
in the present.
>>NOORY: Let's talk about some
of your earlier experiences.
What were some of the things
that you went through?
>>MELANSON: So the first time
that I saw somebody channel,
it was a mentor of mine.
I was having a personal
energy session done,
and she started channeling.
It was very strange to me.
I had never seen it before.
And she was connecting
with Kuan Yin.
And Kuan Yin looked
at me and said,
why aren't you doing this?
You can do this.
And in the moment,
even though my mentor
is amazing and definitely
trusted her, just part of me
thought, what, act
weird and use an accent?
I had no framework for it.
So that was the first time
I experienced seeing it,
and then later took a
class from this mentor.
And when I first did embody
channeling, when they spoke,
they said, she is
afraid to be wrong.
And it felt very strange.
And it wasn't necessarily
scary, but it definitely
pulled me back into my
conscious Bree-ness.
>>NOORY: Back to reality?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, back to--
[LAUGHS] Or yeah, the reality
that we're experiencing.
And I kind of leaned into
channeled, almost transcribing.
So writing.
Yeah, those were, I guess,
some of my first experiences.
>>NOORY: When you channel, are
they in your body, this entity?
Or how do you tap into it?
>>MELANSON: The way
that I understand
is that it is more of
a match of frequency.
It's almost like we are
meeting at a state of--
>>NOORY: Bliss?
>>MELANSON: Well, it is--
it's almost like you would be
meeting at a certain channel,
right?
So I do feel their
presence within me,
and I don't feel
how I usually feel.
When you're
channeling, it's kind
of like your identity
is in the background.
So you're watching what's
happening, you're aware,
but it feels like being in a
really deep meditative state,
or almost sleep state, I guess.
>>NOORY: Bree, you
mentioned, as a child,
a lot of this happened to you.
Do we shut down these special
gifts that we have as children?
Or do we accent it?
>>MELANSON: Usually,
we shut them down
because, again, we're not
given any framework for them
or anywhere for them to be used.
So as a kid, if I
was seeing things
and nobody else was
seeing them, it's
going to easily
transfer to fear.
And as a coping
mechanism, I'm likely
just going to shut that down.
So yeah, it's quite common for
kids to be really intuitive.
We're kind of fresh off the
boat and totally turned on.
>>NOORY: They're not tainted.
>>MELANSON: Yeah, mhm.
>>NOORY: Channelers
from Gaia's program,
the original series "Channeling
- A Bridge to the Beyond,"
explain how children lose some
of their intuitive ability.
>>MELANSON: Mhm.
>>LAURA ALDEN KAMM:
Children's intuitive systems
are wide open when they're born.
It's the ages of five, six,
and seven when we take them
to school and start to conform
with rules and regulations,
which are fine and
necessary, but it starts
to shut that system down.
They move from their inner
world to the outer world.
And that's when social
constructed reality really
starts to set in and kind of
jam up the system a little bit.
And I think it's
really interesting
that, in psychology, hero
worship starts around eight
to 10 to 12 years of age.
And so what we do is we
take our inner superhero
and we take it outside
of us and put it
into animation, and Superman,
and Spider-Man, and Wonder
Woman.
But really, we are those inside.
We can see through walls.
We can leap with our mind
anywhere we want to go.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: We all
have evidence in our lives.
We all do.
At some point, we heard a voice.
We had a gut feeling.
We followed a knowing, and we
don't know where it came from,
and everything worked out.
We have evidence in our
lives, large or small,
where we've listened to that
whisper, that inner whisper,
whether it's our
higher self or a guide
or whatever we want to call it.
That's what we need
to pay attention to.
Usually, we get that
impulse, we get the whisper,
and then our intellectual
mind takes over and starts
talking us out of it.
Paying attention to that first
insight, that first message,
and follow it through.
And then our intellect will
not try to discourage us from--
it just wants to stay in
control and protect us.
But our intuition
is where we expand.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>NOORY: Bree can we
condition ourselves to get
better and better at this?
>>MELANSON: For sure, yeah.
It's like a muscle, and also
really just like a remembering.
I honestly believe that our
intuitive self is our most
natural self and expression.
So a lot of it is just
heeding to the things that
make us feel at peace,
make us feel in flow.
Yeah, quieting the mind.
A lot of when you're learning
to reactivate your intuition,
you're often guided
through meditation,
which is really just the process
of getting the ego mind out
of the way.
And she makes a
really good point
of giving that intuition
somewhere to go.
So getting the nudge is one
thing, but following through
is another.
And the more that we
can follow our intuition
and give it more
reason to come through,
the more we can receive.
>>NOORY: In your
introduction, we
talked about how you channel the
Pleiadians, and the Arcturians.
How did that all start for you?
>>MELANSON: So I attended a
energetic activation group
class, and I'm generally not
that energetically sensitive.
But afterwards, I felt
really high, [CHUCKLES]
incredibly joyful for quite
a few hours afterwards.
And so I got curious
as to who they were.
And I went home,
and at that time,
I had learned how to channel.
So I just kind of
asked, who are you guys?
What is the deal?
>>NOORY: They're aliens, right?
>>MELANSON: Yeah,
I think as we're
exploring these new
territories, semantics
is something that we will
continue to move through.
If it's aliens, or ETs, or
interdimensional beings,
or light beings.
I think, yeah, they're
all-- to me, I--
>>NOORY: What are the
benefits of talking to ETs?
>>MELANSON: Well, I think
if we are functioning from
the premise and the
understanding that they have
been able to, at the
very least, surpass--
>>NOORY: They've been there.
>>MELANSON: --structures
of time and space,
they can travel through light,
I reckon they know a little bit
more than we do.
And all the information that
I've ever received from them
has been incredibly
loving, and high,
and supportive, and helpful.
>>NOORY: What kind of
things do they tell you?
>>MELANSON: Well, to
remember our true nature,
and to not look to the
external for power or guidance.
We hear all the time
that we are infinite,
and we're capable of
creating many things.
And they've given
a lot of pathways
and how to access that
part of ourselves,
and dissolve the ego mind,
as they talked about.
>>NOORY: Bree, how do you know
they're not misleading you?
>>MELANSON: Well, before
I started channeling,
I did readings for
many years, and I
learned how to develop
quite strong boundaries
and discernment.
So I think that that is
an important thing when
you are channeling or learning
how to access your intuition.
And something that
happens naturally
is you end up working
through boundaries
and moving more into a place
of empowerment and discernment.
So I have never
experienced anything
that we would call dark
or that has affected me
in any real negative way.
>>NOORY: Have you been lucky?
>>MELANSON: [CHUCKLES]
I think it's
a matter of the
consciousness that I've held.
I mean, if a person
walks into the room
and they're really
in their power,
you kind of understand
not to push, right?
And it's not a game
of power, but I
like to think more that it's
our resonance that protects us
than needing to
protect ourselves
from some unknown entity.
>>NOORY: Do you have regular
entities that come to you?
>>MELANSON: Well, when I
work with the Pleiadians,
or the Arcturians,
I do believe that I
work with a similar group.
I mean, just as we
call upon people
that match our energy
and our value system
and our intentions
in life, of course,
there's a parallel within that.
Yeah, we talked earlier
about some channels
having specific beings,
I think, that yeah,
there's some type of
karmic connection there.
>>NOORY: How do you
access these channels?
>>MELANSON: I learned
through a teacher,
again, how to create boundaries.
And then, part of it has just
been my journey as an intuitive
to get myself out of the
way as much as possible
and sit in the
intention and anchor,
and the intention of wanting
to be of service or move
more towards my expansion
or our expansion.
>>NOORY: Bree, have you
ever been scared channeling?
>>MELANSON: I think when I
was first discovering it,
it was definitely foreign.
I've been more scared to show
myself channeling because it
can look kind of crazy.
[LAUGHS] And I'm
continuing to just move
through those
little fear portals.
>>NOORY: What does
the soul mean to you?
>>MELANSON: I think of the
soul as our whole being.
And I think that it's a really
helpful and important practice
for us to always try on
that and ask ourselves--
if I were to describe my soul,
if I had a soul, which we do,
what--
>>NOORY: Oh, we do.
>>MELANSON: --would
my soul feel like.
Yeah, and what types of things
would my soul enjoy doing.
When would I feel the
essence of my soul.
The soul is "the aspect of
me that...," that is innate,
that is peaceful, that is
harmonious, that is knowing,
that is in the present.
I think it's a really great
exercise to just try on.
>>NOORY: Back to
Gaia's "Channeling -
A Bridge to the Beyond," they
talk a lot about channeling
and entities, and how to access
and get better insight from
the soul.
>>BASHAR: Everything
is here and now.
Everything is all connected.
It's not a particular
place you have to go.
It can be accessed
from anywhere.
Anywhere, anytime.
It's just the idea that all
information never goes away.
It's all here and now.
It cannot be destroyed.
It cannot cease to exist.
So if you are the frequency
of a particular piece
of information, that's
the kind of information
that will, so to speak,
pop into your awareness.
Because information is
accessible from anywhere,
anytime, anyplace.
>>THEO: The best way to
describe in human knowledge
a certain record keeping.
It is not a library of
books held somewhere.
But it is information
that is in the soul, that
is a continuum, that is resonant
in each cell of your body.
So the record is held
there, within your being.
Your human experience
is the earthsuit
that you've chosen to
navigate this planet.
And so the soul
enters this earthsuit.
It has cells, which the
soul permeates all of them.
And that is where the records
are held, in all those cells,
but more importantly in
the energy of the soul that
is eternal.
And speak of it as one's
multidimensionality and
vibrational frequency.
>>THE ARCTURIANS: Your universal
self cannot be found within
the thinking mind.
This is just meant
to process, yes?
To receive, process, transmit.
You have learned this
through the internet.
Look at the way that
you have expanded
through your technology, yes?
You used to get news maybe
months, years, from somebody
on the other side of the world.
Now you have a phone
conversation with them, yes?
So it is becoming
more available.
And so is your connection
to this universal mind
and through your higher mind.
So if you are looking
for this universal mind,
would you not connect
with your universal self?
>>NOORY: Why is it important
to access our soul?
>>MELANSON: I think accessing
our soul is more or less
the answer to everything
because the reason we suffer
is always within the ego mind.
And if our soul is
the aspect of us--
I like to think that it's our
tether to this idea of source
of the universal mind, or God.
It's the part of us
that is connected
to harmony and creative
power and guidance.
So as we learn to
nurture our soul--
and again, as they've
shared and we've discussed,
it's much more tangible and
physical and within reach.
So the more that we can
harness that and nurture
that part of ourselves,
the more access we
have to universal intelligence,
greater creative power,
healing potential, et cetera.
>>NOORY: You have always
believed that we are portals.
But to what?
>>MELANSON: Well, to our
ascension and our freedom.
I think it's fun and it
can be exciting to think
about other dimensions but I
think, more importantly, it
is to try to integrate the
information that comes through
from these dimensions.
And that is generally about
moving past our own fears.
And our fears are really
meant to set us free,
and we can only do that.
We can only set ourselves free.
So in essence, we are the portal
to everything that we ask for.
>>NOORY: Did you ever meet a
channel, Bree, you didn't like?
>>MELANSON: [LAUGHS] Not yet.
Maybe I need to meet more.
>>NOORY: You don't look
forward to that, do you?
>>MELANSON: [LAUGHS]
--a channel.
>>NOORY: What are some
of the things you've
learned from some of these ETs?
>>MELANSON: A massive
amount of information.
I continue to
integrate everything
that I receive into my
programs and my classes.
Yeah, I think the practice
alone has helped me to dissolve
my own attachments to my ego.
>>NOORY: Has it made
you a better person?
>>MELANSON: It's made
my experience of life
lighter and more joyous
and more expansive.
I guess you'd have to
ask other people if it's
made me a better person.
I'd hope so.
>>NOORY: But you're
happier doing this?
>>MELANSON: Yeah.
It feels like I'm always
ideally moving, yeah,
towards the light.
>>NOORY: Is there a difference
between the Pleiadians
and the Arcturians?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, you
know, I have always been
more interested in, again, the
information that comes through.
And I also haven't allowed
myself to read a lot of
or consume a lot of information
so that what I receive
isn't tainted.
I can say from experience
that both of their energies
feel very loving and supportive.
I first was channeling the
Lumerians and the Pleiadians,
and then a few years ago I was
introduced to the Arcturians,
and they were very polite.
And I have continued,
yeah, to connect with them.
>>NOORY: Well, when they
first came to contact you,
what kind of state
of mind were you in,
and what was the episode?
>>MELANSON: Yeah,
so the first time
I connected with the Pleiadians,
it was after that activation.
I sat down to essentially take
dictation, or channel write.
And they just laid out that
they were here to help us,
and they're working
with us, like many other
interdimensional beings.
And they're working
with lightworkers,
and they used the
word "experiment."
And I was like, can you
guys use a different word?
>>NOORY: We're an experiment?
>>MELANSON: They replaced
it with experience.
And I was like,
that works better.
Keep going.
And I think that
we're a part of it.
I do believe that
we do have will,
and that our will is
how we are choosing
to use that life force energy
that we're all connected to.
>>NOORY: If you weren't in
contact with the Arcturians
or the Pleiadians,
would you still
be able to channel something?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, I've
channeled a lot of different--
>>NOORY: The spirit
world, for example?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, mhm.
I mean, I worked as a medium
and an intuitive for many years.
And then, when I channeled,
when I first started,
I actually would use these
ascended master cards.
And I would just pull,
give myself a pull,
and channel the
three that came in
so I could get used to working
with different energies.
>>NOORY: How do you know that
they're not playing tricks
with you?
>>MELANSON: Well, I have honed
in on my ability to, I think,
discern energy
information and intention.
>>NOORY: So you don't
think you can be tricked?
>>MELANSON: I think
it's possible, yeah.
I also haven't
experienced anything
in my life that's been
negative, or there
hasn't been any evidence for
me being tricked by anything.
And it's all been very
loving and supportive,
so it's only enlightened my life
and those that I share it with.
>>NOORY: This connection
with the Pleiadians,
does it get better
and better for you?
>>MELANSON: I think so.
I guess I would say,
if we are integrating
the information
that comes through,
meaning if we are
putting it into practice,
then essentially the
information can expand,
and we can understand
higher ideas.
So yeah, I mean, they work
with the channel's ability
to understand something.
I mean, sometimes they'll
ask me to-- if I'm
asking about some
type of manifestation,
they'll ask me to watch a video
on, I don't know, black holes
or some type of
quantum something
so that I can better understand
what they're trying to express.
>>NOORY: Who initiates the
questioning, you or them?
>>MELANSON: Sometimes I open and
just ask what are we to know.
A lot of times, I will
go in with some type
of intention or question.
>>NOORY: Are you awake?
Do you know consciously
that you're doing this?
>>MELANSON: I feel like
I'm in the far background.
So when I come out of
the meditative state,
I have a general awareness
of what was discussed,
but I don't know
exactly what it is.
And a lot of times,
if I'm writing
and I'm still in that state,
and I'll have pages and pages
come through.
And I can remember
when I'm writing
that my identity was saying,
well, this isn't that good.
That's not really what I wanted.
It's not going to be good enough
for this thing that I'm doing.
And then I'll read through
it from a conscious state,
and it's incredibly
beautiful and powerful.
So yeah, I think that
doubt and that ego
is always still giving
opinions on some level.
>>NOORY: What do they look like?
>>MELANSON: I have never
been super clairvoyant.
I'm more claircognizant
and clairaudient,
which I think has allowed me to
become more of a clear channel.
So I don't get a lot of
visuals, but I do understand
that they have bodies.
They're a little bit more
mutable and changeable
because they don't have as much
of a reliance on their form
as we do, or the identity.
>>NOORY: During an intentional
meditation for ETs in contact,
you appeared to bring an entity
of light into your house.
Tell us what we're seeing.
>>MELANSON: Yeah, so
I was making a video,
and I noticed these lights
that were around me.
>>NOORY: Like orbs.
>>MELANSON: Yeah.
So I stopped whatever I was
doing, and I just stood there,
and I actually played
these tones that
were a part of the CE5 app.
And then, yeah, watched it
later and saw these orbs.
And it's interesting--
with the tones or the sound
that I was using when
I was doing this,
they kind of moved with it.
So that one that
came from the corner
was fast, and then
this one, because--
maybe its kind of music--
it was slower.
And then, yeah, it goes around
my body, and back up it.
I think it's a beautiful example
of how much there is going on
beyond our conscious awareness.
>>NOORY: So that wasn't
somebody with a flashlight
in front of you?
>>MELANSON: The orchestration!
What we do for attention!
[LAUGHS] Yeah, no.
Yeah, it surprised me
when I thought I saw it,
and then when I
recorded and saw this.
>>NOORY: Could you
feel the light on you?
>>MELANSON: I didn't feel it.
I just had a knowing
that it was there.
Mhm.
>>NOORY: Since you've
been channeling,
what's next for you?
What do you do next?
>>MELANSON: You know, I--
well, my intention is
always to help people
to remember their true
potential, and who they are,
and that we're not our pain.
That we're not our stories.
And that we truly
are incredible,
miraculous beings here to
really shift consciousness.
I was channeling
the other day, and I
saw what I couldn't quite
maybe lay out quite yet,
but it looked like I
was channeling almost
to an extent of which
they were offering
some really powerful,
I want to say,
activations or energy healing.
So it looked like there
was more of a merge somehow
that was happening.
So as far as channeling
goes, it looks
like it can continue to expand.
And I also think
that as we choose
to come from spirit,
as we grow personally,
as we work on our own things
and move past our own fears,
that we will open
more collectively.
More people will
be able to channel.
Yeah, as we kind
of lighten our load
and drop our ego
stuff along the way.
>>NOORY: What other kinds
of physical contacts
have you had with the ETs?
>>MELANSON: I have seen
them in the sky quite a bit.
And I also believe I've had--
I really don't like
the word "abduction."
>>NOORY: I was just going to ask
you, have you ever been taken?
>>MELANSON: It feels--
the word "abduction"
feels really invasive and--
>>NOORY: Illegal.
>>MELANSON: Yeah.
But I have had a
couple experiences
where I was in Vancouver, BC.
I have a lot of friends
there, and my mom lives there.
And I experienced a lot of
fatigue, and I didn't know--
I was like, wow,
I'm really tired,
and I slept the full night.
I don't know what's
wrong with me,
and I was like having
all these espressos.
Nothing was doing the trick.
And I also noticed some
markings on my back.
When it kind of hit me
what it might have been,
I Googled alien
abduction marks on back,
and there was just
a plethora of them
that looked exactly the same.
>>NOORY: We've got a
picture of your back.
Let's take a look at it, and you
can tell us a little bit more.
>>MELANSON: Yeah, so you can
see it's a little bit faded
but on this bottom
one they were in--
there's three, three,
and three, and it's kind
of in a diamond shape.
>>NOORY: Yeah, there's a
close-up right underneath it.
>>MELANSON: Yeah, so they
were these perfect symmetrical
imprints.
And of course, I was like,
what did I lean up against?
What did I sleep on?
>>NOORY: Are they
still on your back?
>>MELANSON: No.
They were kind of like bruises.
They didn't hurt, but they
went away in a few days.
And then it happened again, I
think, several months later.
Again, when I was in the same
place in BC, and same markings,
same experience of fatigue.
And also, when I had Googled the
pictures, when I looked deeper
at it, there were quite a lot of
them that came from that area.
I think it's quite
an active area.
>>NOORY: How do you think
those marks got there?
>>MELANSON: So from
what I understand,
they share that they're--
they said that it was like
an energetic upgrade for me
as far as what--
>>NOORY: They upgraded you, eh?
>>MELANSON: Just energetically.
They said that if you
are to help people
hold a certain
frequency, that I would
need to be able to hold that
frequency within myself.
And I also understand that they
were able to take information
from my ethereal body.
So I don't think my physical
body floated out of the window.
>>NOORY: You're
not sure, though?
>>MELANSON: I'm quite-- well,
the night that it happened,
I was sleeping at
a friend's house,
and we were sleeping
in the same bed.
I don't know.
I can't say.
But they told me that it
wasn't a physical-- it
was my ethereal body, but
from the ethereal body
that they could still
get all the information
from the physical.
And they also shared
that they took kind
of like a snapshot of all
my potential realities
within a certain radius.
So if this was
included, that radius,
then they'd be taking
the information
from our consciousness
in this moment, as well.
So they described it as
they were understanding
where we are at
consciously, and then
also the energetic
kind of adjustment
that I may have
needed for my path.
>>NOORY: Alright, Bree, show
us a little bit of channeling,
how you do this.
>>MELANSON: OK, yeah.
So I just will need a minute
to just get out of the way.
>>NOORY: Alright.
>>MELANSON: And yeah, and
then you can ask questions.
I'm also going to take a
sip of water really fast.
>>NOORY: Alright.
Now, when you do
this channeling,
you have to meditate a little
bit to get into a certain mode?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, I--
I think there's people,
like incredible channels,
like Bashar, who have been--
or Darryl, that
channels Bashar, that
have been doing
it for many years,
and it may come a little bit
more quickly or second nature.
If you see some of the older
videotapes of Esther Hicks when
she channels Abraham,
you'll notice
that her voice gets
really high, and there's
a visible difference.
>>NOORY: Are you alert?
Do you know what's going on?
>>MELANSON: I do, but I
have to completely let go.
And so yeah, being a part of
that series was such a gift,
and I'm very thankful for it.
I also had to really get
over [CHUCKLES] the way
that I look when I do it.
And I think that the shifts
in sound and mannerisms
is just a matter of energy.
I was swaying a lot
when I was doing that.
And then, afterwards--
just even, actually,
about a month ago--
I understood to open my root
chakra more, and it stopped.
And I was like, that would have
been really helpful information
before we filmed that.
So it's just a
matter of, I think,
their energy trying to ground,
and the difference between ours
and their frequency.
>>NOORY: Sure.
Alright, well, show us
a little channeling.
>>MELANSON: Alright, cool.
Mhm.
>>NOORY: Why are you smiling?
>>PLEIADIANS: We are reminding
her of the fun of it,
and how fun the experience is.
And if it is not fun and
if it does not fill you
with light, then why bother?
>>NOORY: And you say "we."
Who are you?
>>PLEIADIANS: So we are the
group of which you call,
and that we are, the Pleiadians.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Do you channel
through Bree quite often?
>>PLEIADIANS: Yes, she is--
it's interesting because it
is quite her human nature
to be human.
And so there are
times in which she
is showing up in service, or--
yes, we will say this suffices.
When she is called to show
up in service, we are there.
But we are always
aware of her path,
and always supporting her to
come into alignment with what
we could say-- love, light,
harmony, ascension, growth,
communion, and collaboration.
>>NOORY: Now, is
it in this state
that you pass on
information to her?
>>PLEIADIANS: Yes, mostly.
And we also would like
to remind everybody
of their incredible
connection, yes.
And so regardless if it comes
from a Pleiadian or Arcturian
or your favorite angel, we
ask you to consider, foremost,
your intention to connect
with other realms,
meaning what is it,
and how will you
channel the information
that comes through.
And it is not just
this linear information
that is passed along, yes.
There is a great remembrance
that occurs when you connect,
yes.
So when you connect
with a realm or a being
that you have deemed
outside of yourself,
you are moreso, and also
perhaps more importantly,
connecting with the larger
and greater aspect of you.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Now, do you need Bree
in order to do what you do?
>>PLEIADIANS: Well, we are happy
to collaborate in this way.
There are-- again, there
are ways in which you are
receiving--
we won't say our information.
We will say light
information-- as you
move throughout what you have
deemed your physical realm.
So as you are walking in nature,
you are receiving great wisdom,
and you can receive
great heights of wisdom
through what the Earth
consciousness holds.
We are happy to come
through in this way,
but we are also saying that our
information is not ours, yes.
We are, as you are, a vessel
for divine intelligence.
>>NOORY: What kind
of information
are you trying to
impart on her now?
>>PLEIADIANS: Well,
we are hopeful
that, through this
interaction, above all,
you are reminded
that you are not just
this skin and bones, yes.
You are far more than what
meets your physical eye,
and you can come to know
your physical senses
to be your metaphysical.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Do you believe in God?
>>PLEIADIANS: Well, we
find it interesting the--
we won't say incessant.
We will say habitual
nature of humans
to attempt to put the idea
of infinite consciousness
and the manifestation of this
consciousness in a box, yes.
So there are many
ideas of what God is.
And we will say that God
speaks through all things.
God, as you would
have it, is the fabric
that holds all things
as one, and allows
for there to be harmony and
collaboration of this oneness.
Yes.
So we can say that we are
all God, in this manner.
>>NOORY: Can you bring
Bree back for a moment?
>>PLEIADIANS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Bree, are you here?
>>MELANSON: Thank you.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Now, can you
recollect what you just did?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, it always
takes me just a second to hop
back in the driver's seat.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Get back
in your body, Bree.
Come back.
>>MELANSON: Bring Bree back.
[LAUGHING] Yeah.
Yeah, it just feels like--
they call it channeling
for a reason, I suppose.
It does feel like tuning
into a different channel.
Yeah, because it feels
like a stream of--
I guess the relation we
make is when we do something
like free writing, or we
really open to our creativity
when you allow that
flow to take over,
would be the closest that we
get in our everyday lives.
I think--
>>NOORY: What do
they want from us?
>>MELANSON: I don't
think they want anything.
I really do feel that they're
here to help us along our path,
and that we are
connected in ways, maybe,
that our linear mind can't
quite construct or understand.
When I first
connected with them,
they were like, we're
from your future,
but we're also from your past.
>>NOORY: Do they
think we're savages?
>>MELANSON: No.
Their messages are always loving
and not judgmental at all.
We all-- a few years
ago, I was just
kind of watching
the world unfold.
And I was like, kind
of just thought,
damn, pick me up you guys.
I'm over it.
And then I understood that
they have their own contrast
to deal with, and chaos.
We all become forgetful.
And I think that they remind
us of that all the time.
It's less about savages
or evil, and more just
about forgetting
our inherent nature.
And I think that eventually,
no matter the path
we take, our destiny
is harmony, right?
>>NOORY: Bree, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MELANSON: Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: Fascinating
to talk to a channeler.
You never know who you're
going to interview,
but all the information
is fantastic.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]